DOC-1562: RC - Fix broken image in API System Logs example (#2090)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/databases/system-logs.md

---
The **Logs** page contains events, alerts, and logs from the activities, databases, and subscriptions associated with your account.

{{<image filename="images/rc/system-logs.png" alt="Choose the Logs command from the Redis Cloud admin console menu to view your subscription system log." width="75%">}}{{< /image >}} 

You can:

* Sort the list by a specific field in descending or ascending order. Supported fields include *Time*, *Originator*, *Database name*, and *Activity*.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/icon-database-list-sort-ascending.png" alt="Use the arrows in the list header to sort the list." width="30px">}}{{< /image >}}&nbsp;{{<image filename="images/rc/icon-database-list-sort-descending.png" alt="The direction of the arrow corresponds to the direction of the sort." width="30px">}}{{< /image >}}    
    
    Select the arrow icon to change the sort order.  You can only sort by one field at a time.

> * Use the **Export all** button to export all logs as a comma-separated, variable text (CSV) file for use in other systems and programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the **Export all** button to export all logs as a comma-separated values (CSV) file for use in other systems and programs.
```

Author: Fixed.
